"Network/Channel switching system" or "I just wasted a week doing this the wrong way :)"

NUMBERING

ALL networks and channels are numbered persistantly, if they are removed the numbering not
recalculated, the next new item will be assigned to the first empty number it finds (optionally it
could renumber, or there could be a 'compact' command). Queries will probably just go on the end,
they're too ephemeral to be persistantly numbered. Networks and channels have seperate numbering
schemes, each network has its own unique numbering scheme for its channels and all networks are 
numbered on the same scheme. For example network 1 has channels numbered 1, 2, and 3, and network 2
has channels numbered 1, 2, 3, 4, 5.

SWITCHING

To switch between networks, you will invoke a popup using meta-n key, you then select the network
based on a mnemonic derived from its persistant number (QWERTY, DVORAK, alphabetic, whatever). This
then opens a new popup with the channels for the selected network (enter selects the network tab
itself perhaps), again a mnemonic derived from its persistant number. This will allow the user to
press meta+n then simply type 3 1 to get to the first channel on the 3rd network. If you know your
network/channel numbers this should be very fast, if you don't the popups will display all the info 
you need. Also, we should color the network entries with the activities for ALL channels/queries on
that network, so the user can see the activity on that network without having to expand the channel
list, the entries in the channel popup should be colored as they are in a normal tab system.

To switch between channels on the current network, you will be able to use meta-c to invoke a popup 
identical to the channel popup described above, without having to invoke the network popup.
Optionally you will also be able to use a meta with the traditional 1-0 q-p keys to select on the
current network.

When not in a popup, there should also be a keycommand to switch to previous/next active item, and
to descend into the network and to ascend back out of it for quick navigation.

RANDOM THOUGHTS

With this setup, it is possible that a user could forgo showing all the tabs, instead opting for an
irssi style activity line, with each entry colored to the level of the activity there (filterable
in case the user only cares about messages/highlights and not joins/parts/ops/topic changes). eg.
Activity [1-q], [1-5], [2-7], etc, the name of the network/channel/whatever could also optionally
be visible. Hell, these could even be clickable themselves, to aid those still addicted to the
tabletop rodent.

Networks/channels should be allowed to be shuffled right/left (up/down?) in order to change their 
numbering, for large networks you should also be able to assign a number directly. A GUI window 
with ALL networks/channels (active and inactive) should be added for more fine grained management
(deleting networks/channels (this would remove them from irssi2 itself of course), moving them to
specific numbers without an intolerable amount of shuffling, etc).
